 
AN ESSENTIAL 
PACKING GUIDE 
FOR EXPRESS SHIPMENTS 
Valid From 
2026 

 
 
 
At DHL we do everything we can to ensure your packages are always delivered on time and in great 
condition. 
 
Parcels can travel many thousands of miles through DHL's sophisticated global network to reach their 
destinations. Packing your shipments in the right way with appropriate materials will help ensure they 
arrive safely and stay intact. 
 
Do you pack your shipments with express transportation in mind? International standards for express 
packaging are more stringent than other types of transportation as shipments are handled by a 
network of conveyors, aircraft and people. 
 
At all times, it remains the responsibility of the sender to ensure adequate packaging is used. As a 
reference for DHL customers, this Packing Guide provides some general instructions and examples of 
good packing practices. Different shipment contents require different level of protection, therefore 
this should not be perceived as a final solution suitable for all customers. 
 
Failure to follow these minimum standards will result in DHL being unable to accept your goods 
for transportation.  
In some cases, additional handling surcharges may apply. For detailed information on applicable 
surcharges, please refer to the surcharges section on your country-specific DHL website. 
 
A Packing Guide for Specific Items is also available at DHL.com to provide more specific guidelines for 
packing Electronic Goods, Fashion Apparel, Palletized Cargo and Temperature Sensitive Goods. 
Should you need further assistance, your DHL Customer Service team is only a call or email away. 
An Essential Packing Guide 
1 
PACK IT RIGHT FOR THE 
EXPRESS JOURNEY 
DISCLAIMER:  
Please note that the information contained herein is general and may not apply in a specific situation, nor does it constitute an alternative to legal or other advice from 
an appropriately qualified professional. While reasonable care has been taken in the preparation of this document, DHL Express excludes all representations, 
warranties, undertakings and guarantees relating to the information contained herein to the maximum extent permitted by applicable laws. It is the responsibility of 
the Shipper to ensure compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and requirements at all times. All services are rendered subject to and in accordance with the 
DHL Express Terms and Conditions of Carriage, a copy of which is available from your local DHL Customer Service. 
Quick Tips 
If you are short of time, here are some basics of good packing. 
 
 
Step 1 – Assess 
▪ Consider the weight & fragility 
of shipment contents 
▪ Value of content being shipped 
▪ Packing requirements 
prescribed by transportation 
regulations 
Step 2 – Pack 
▪ Use quality double wall 
boxes 
▪ Ensure 6cm distance 
between shipment content 
and all walls of the box 
▪ Fill all void space 
Step 3 – Seal 
▪ Use pressure sensitive tapes 
of at least 48mm width 
▪ Adopt H-taping method to 
seal all edges and seams 
Step 4 – Label 
▪ Apply shipment label to the 
top surface of your package 
▪ Clearly display shipment 
label on a single surface 
Assess 
Packing Needs 
Choose 
Suitable Materials 
Apply 
Packing Techniques 
Seal & Label 
Shipment 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Weight 
 
▪ Consider the strength and durability of the packaging box 
▪ An appropriate box should be able to securely hold the weight of the 
contents being shipped 
Size and Shape 
 
▪ Items should not touch the outer wall of the box 
▪ Odd-shaped or rounded packaging may need extra attention 
Form of Contents 
 
▪ Special packaging materials and packing techniques are required 
for shipping liquids and powders 
Value of Contents 
 
▪ Extra cushioning and protection may be required for high value 
goods 
Fragility 
 
▪ Extra cushioning and protection are required for fragile items 
▪ Apply special handling label 
Final Use 
 
▪ Does the box need to be retail ready? 
Do you want to avoid any markings on the box? 
Regulations 
 
▪ Some regulated items may require specialist packaging 
ASSESS 
YOUR PACKING NEEDS 
An Essential Packing Guide     2 
Quality packaging is key when it comes to preventing damage. Assessing your packing needs is an essential step to 
determine what’s best for the type of goods you wish to transport. 
Assess Packing Needs | Choose Suitable Materials | Apply Packing Techniques | Seal and Label Shipment 
CONSIDERATIONS THAT WILL HELP YOU 
DETERMINE YOUR PACKAGING REQUIREMENTS 
INFLUENCING FACTORS 
Weight 
Humidity 
Cost 
 
... 
and more 
Dangerous Goods 
Did you know that food flavoring, perfumes, chemicals and electronic equipment can be 
classified as dangerous goods? 
 
Contact our Restricted Commodities team via the DHL Customer Service Hotline for 
specialist advice, and to learn about specific regulatory requirements if you would like to 
ship dangerous goods with DHL Express. 
 
If you are shipping Dangerous Goods, the appropriate dangerous goods transport 
regulations (IATA DGR, ADR, IMDG, etc.) must be followed. Additionally, DHL requires 
shipments to always be placed in a rigid outer box, i.e., jerricans and drums need to be 
placed in a box. 
 
If your shipment is Not Restricted according to the IATA Dangerous Goods Regulations 
through the application of a "Special Provision", DHL Express requires the shipment 
description statement to include the following: "Not restricted as per special provision X" 
on the transport label. 
 
Restricted and Prohibited Commodities 
Some items are prohibited for transportation with DHL Express and are classified as either 
Prohibited or Restricted commodities. 
 
Please refer to DHL.com for more information, or contact your local Customer Service team. 

 
Parcel 
Material 
 
▪ Always use high quality corrugated cardboard boxes for parcels. For fragile or heavy items, double-wall or tri-wall 
constructions are recommended. 
▪ Avoid reusing old boxes as they may have lost some of their rigidity. 
 
Strength 
 
▪ Look out for the manufacturer stamp which tells you information about the construction type and strength of a 
box. Ask your box supplier for more information as required. 
▪ Refer to the box specifications below to select suitable packaging for the weight of your shipment. 
 
Size 
 
▪ Under-filled boxes may collapse, and over-filled boxes may burst. Prevent this by choosing a box with the right 
size for the content being shipped. 
 
DHL Express Polybag 
Strength 
 
▪ To avoid splits or tears, the tensile (stretch) and seam (seal glue) strength of the DHL Express Polybag should 
meet the recommended standards outlined below. 
▪ DHL Express Polybag have a minimum elongation (stretch) of 35cm prior to failure and can hold 30% more 
weight at the seam. 
 
 
CHOOSE A BOX OR POLYBAG APPROPRIATE FOR THE WEIGHT OF YOUR SHIPMENT 
Box Specifications 
 
DHL Express Polybag Specifications 
Parcel 
Weight 
 
Construction 
 
Bursting Test 
(kPa) 
 
Edge Crush Test 
(kN/m)  
Document 
Weight 
Construction 
Seam Strength 
Tensile Strength 
(MPa) 
Up to 5kg 
 
Single Wall 
 
1000 
 
4.5 
 
Up to 3kg 
LDPE 
(60μm) 
6kg 
MD/TD 25 MPa & 
400% elongation 
at break 
5-10kg 
 
Single Wall 
 
1000 
 
4.5 
 
10-15kg 
 
Double Wall 
 
1000 
 
7 
 
Remarks: 
▪ Burst-Test (aka Mullen Test) is the force in kilopascals required to rupture 
or burst the side of a corrugated box. The result indicates the box's ability 
to withstand external or internal forces, and how the box will contain its 
contents during rough handling. 
▪ Edge-Crush-Test (ECT) measures the stacking strength of corrugated 
cardboard boxes or fiberboard. Determining a finished box's compression-
strength is defined by the amount of force that is needed to crush the 
cardboard by standing it on its edge. 
▪ Seam Strength refers to the load requires to break a seam. 
▪ Tensile Strength is the maximum stress that a material can withstand while 
being stretched or pulled before failing or breaking. 
▪ Objects with a rigid edge are not suitable for Polybags, as they can pierce 
the plastic. 
15-20kg 
 
Double Wall 
 
1000 
 
7 
 
20-25kg 
 
Double Wall 
 
1200 
 
8 
 
>25kg 
 
Specialist Packing Method 
 
CHOOSE 
SUITABLE MATERIALS 
An Essential Packing Guide     3 
Assess Packing Needs | Choose Suitable Materials | Apply Packing Techniques | Seal and Label Shipment 
Good quality packaging is critical to protecting your shipment during transportation. DHL provides a range of packaging 
supplies that are tried and tested. However, if you prefer to use your own materials, the following provides some general 
guidelines. 
 
Since this guide is designed for general use across a wide variety of products, we recommend that you also refer to 
packaging standards within your industry. 
 
  EXTERNAL PACKAGING MATERIALS 

 
 
Boxes 
Box Type 
 
Weight 
Limit 
 
Size 
(mm) 
 
Bursting Test 
(kPa) 
 
Edge Crush Test 
(kN/m) 
Box 2 
1 kg 
337 x 182 x 81 
1000 
4.5 
Box 3 
 
2 kg 
 
337 x 322 x 92 
 
1000 
 
4.5 
Box 4 
 
5 kg 
 
337 x 322 x 180 
 
1000 
 
4.5 
Box 5 
 
10 kg 
 
337 x 322 x 345 
 
1000 
 
7 
Box 6 
 
15 kg 
 
417 x 359 x 369 
 
1000 
 
7 
Box 7 
 
20 kg 
 
481 x 404 x 389 
 
1200 
 
8 
Box 8 
 
25 kg 
 
541 x 444 x 409 
 
1200 
 
8 
Envelopes and DHL Express Polybags* 
Type 
 
Weight 
Limit 
 
Size 
(mm) 
 
Seam Strength 
 
Tensile Strength 
Express 
Envelope 
GoGreen Plus 
0.3 kg 
320 x 240 
— 
— 
Envelope 0 
 
0.5 kg 
 
252 x 190 
 
— 
 
— 
Envelope 1 
 
0.5 kg 
 
350 x 275 
 
— 
 
— 
Small Express 
Polybag 
 
2 kg 
 
400 x 300 
 
4 kg 
 
MD/TD 25Mpa & 
400% elongation 
at break 
Large Express 
Polybag 
 
3 kg 
 
475 x 370 
 
6 kg 
 
MD/TD 25Mpa & 
400% elongation 
at break 
An Essential Packing Guide     4 
Assess Packing Needs | Choose Suitable Materials | Apply Packing Techniques | Seal and Label Shipment 
DHL PACKAGING RANGE 
A range of DHL packaging supplies are made available for DHL account holders to order online 
or by calling local DHL Customer Service Hotline. Limited quantities are also available at DHL 
Service Point Locations for use by non-account holders shipping with us. 
Remarks: Dimensions mentioned above are for reference only. Packaging range may vary in different countries. 
Please refer to ordering portal or contact DHL Customer Service Hotline in your country for options available. 
*DHL Express Polybags are made of at least 66% recycled plastic and are 100% recyclable. 

 
 
 
 
Packaging Function 
Type of Material 
 
Cushioning 
 
Void Fill 
 
Protection 
 
Divider 
 
Other 
Function 
Bubble Wrap 
✓ 
 
✓ 
 
✓ 
 
 
 
 
   Small Cell ¼ inch 
   Suitable for lightweight 
   items 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Interleaving 
   Large Cell ½ inch 
   Suitable for medium weight 
   products 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Blocking 
Foam Wrap 
 
✓ 
 
✓ 
 
✓ 
 
 
 
 
Foam Peanuts/Pellets 
 
✓ 
 
✓ 
 
 
 
✓ 
 
 
Air Bags 
 
 
 
✓ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Crumpled Paper 
 
 
 
✓ 
 
✓ 
 
 
 
 
Corrugated Inserts 
 
 
 
✓ 
 
✓ 
 
✓ 
 
 
Shredded Cardboard 
 
 
 
✓ 
 
✓ 
 
✓ 
 
Shock 
Absorption 
An Essential Packing Guide     5 
Assess Packing Needs | Choose Suitable Materials | Apply Packing Techniques | Seal and Label Shipment 
INTERNAL PACKAGING MATERIALS 
Bubble wrap, airbags, cardboard and foam peanuts/pellets are all commonly used as packaging material. All have 
different qualities, and it is important to use them appropriately. 
 
Following the below table will help you decide what material is suitable for your needs. 
Note that while bubble wrap offers some void fill properties, it is more effective to use more suitable materials when 
trying to fill larger spaces. 

 
 
An Essential Packing Guide     6 
Assess Packing Needs | Choose Suitable Materials | Apply Packing Techniques | Seal and Label Shipment 
APPLY 
PACKING TECHNIQUES 
Following the first two sections of this guide you will now have assessed your packing needs and prepared suitable 
packaging materials for your shipment. 
 
Before introducing packing methods, here are some important principles applicable for packing your shipment contents. 
Leave No Empty Space 
 
▪ It is important to completely fill empty space within the box to avoid contents 
moving during transit which can cause damage to both contents and box. 
 
▪ Place void filler on the base of the box then around the item you are shipping. 
Ensure there are no gaps or movement. 
 
▪ When choosing void filling materials, always ensure that they would provide 
sufficient support for the weight of the shipment contents. Some materials may 
sink or deflate under the weight of the content which may eventually leave empty 
space inside the box. 
6cm Distance 
 
▪ Always place items being shipped in the center of the box with at least 6cm of 
separation from any external walls or corners. 
 
▪ Take this into consideration when determining the size of box relative to the 
size of the contents. 
Wrap Items Individually and Use Dividers 
 
▪ When shipping multiple items in a single package, always wrap each item 
individually and separate with corrugated inserts or other divider materials as 
appropriate. 
 
▪ Dividers are helpful to avoid damage caused by individual items making contact 
during transit, especially when items are stacked. 
 
▪ Small or loose items should be placed in an inner container or plastic bag to 
avoid the items separating during transportation. 

 
 
An Essential Packing Guide     7 
Assess Packing Needs | Choose Suitable Materials | Apply Packing Techniques | Seal and Label Shipment 
PACKING METHODS 
The most suitable packing method to use will depend upon the assessment you have carried out in section 1. 
 
The main packing methods we recommend are outlined below but if you need any assistance, please contact your local 
Customer Service team. 
Basic Packing Method 
 
Protection Level:  
 
Suitable for most non-fragile articles (e.g. printed matters, machinery parts, metal parts etc.) 
▪ We recommend preparing a double wall box, but if using single wall, 
ensure your box has suitable strength for the weight of its contents. 
 
▪ Items that may be affected by moisture and staining should be 
placed into a strong plastic bag or container for extra protection. 
 
▪ Ensure your items are placed centrally in the box with at least 6cm 
of separation from any of the external walls and corners. 
 
▪ If shipping multiple items within a single box, ensure each one is 
wrapped individually and well separated from one another. 
 
▪ Fill any void space to prevent items moving within the box during 
transport. 
Box-in-Box Method 
 
Protection Level:  
 
The box-in-box method utilizes a second outer box to offer additional protection. It is useful for the transportation of 
more fragile items or where the inner box will be used for retail purposes. 
▪ Both an outer and inner box will need to be prepared. 
 
▪ We recommend using the original manufacturer's packaging as the 
inner box where possible. Alternatively, the inner box should be 
packed using the basic packing method outlined above. 
 
▪ The outer box should be at least 14cm larger in all dimensions than 
the inner box to provide sufficient overpack protection. We 
recommend a double wall box but if using single wall, ensure your 
box has suitable strength for the weight of its contents. 
 
▪ Place approximately 6cm of void fill in the base of the outer box 
before centrally placing the inner box inside. 
 
▪ Restrict any movement of the inner box by filling void space on all 
sides before sealing the outer box ready for transportation. 

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
An Essential Packing Guide     8 
Assess Packing Needs | Choose Suitable Materials | Apply Packing Techniques | Seal and Label Shipment 
Liquids and Powders 
Many common household liquids and powders are classified as dangerous goods and are carefully regulated for 
transport on aircraft. Contact your local Customer Service team for more information. 
If the items are not classed as dangerous goods and subject to more stringent packaging requirements, the following 
steps will help prevent loss or damage during transport. 
Sharp Objects 
What is meant by a sharp object? This could be items such as hand tools, machinery parts, professional chef knives or 
similar. This could also include regular items with sharp edges. How you pack these as the shipper, is important for both the 
safe delivery of your shipment, and for the safety of those Suppliers handling your sharp object shipment. 
Below are tips to help you ensure that prior to shipment pick up, your shipment packing and packaging are fit for purpose. 
You should also refer to your Company's Quality manual or manufacturer guides. 
1. Sharp items must be shipped with strong and safe packaging. It is unsafe to have: loose items, sharp objects 
strapped to a pallet, sharp objects without secondary packing methods, unsuitable packaging such as polybags. 
 
2. Sharp items should be shipped by using either a proper protection case or using the Box-in-Box method (described 
in this document). 
 
a.  We recommend the use of the Original Manfuacturer's Packaging for the inner packaging, which will provide 
additional strength for the shipment. * 
b. The outer box should be at least 14cm larger in all dimensions than the inner box to provide sufficient 
overpack protection. 
c. Place the inner package in the center of the box with at least 6cm of void fill surrounding the inner package. 
This ensures there is enough filler to provide secure cushioning and reduce internal package movement. 
 
3. Strong tape using the H-Taping method (described in this document) to secure all outer packaging. 
 
4. Orientation marking / labels as applicable (described in this document). 
* Note: Shipping with Original Manufacturer's Packaging is usually designed to ship the product once, not multiple times. 
Reuse can weaken the packaging and place the inside product at risk and lead to unintended safety issues. 
Liquids 
 
Ensure liquids are contained in leak-
free containers and protected with 
strong internal material such as 
styrofoam. 
Seal in a plastic bag before putting 
into a strong double wall box. Single 
packaging is not allowed. 
Semi-liquids, greasy or 
strong smelling substances 
 
Seal semi-liquids, greasy or 
strongsmelling substances with 
adhesive tape. 
Wrap in grease-resistant paper 
before putting into a strong double 
wall box. 
Powders and fine grains 
 
Powders and fine grains should be 
placed in strong plastic bags, 
securely sealed and then packed in a 
rigid fiberboard box. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
An Essential Packing Guide     9 
Assess Packing Needs | Choose Suitable Materials | Apply Packing Techniques | Seal and Label Shipment 
Items with Wheels 
When shipping rolling luggage, skateboards, or other gear with small wheels, proper preparation helps protect your 
item during transit. To enhance protection, consider these preparation steps before shipping: 
Dos: 
▪ When pre-packing, ensure each wheel is adequately cushioned using one or more suitable materials. 
▪ Secure any loose or movable parts and inspect your item thoroughly before shipping. 
Don’ts: 
▪ Neglect individual wheel protection—unwrapped wheels are more susceptible to damage. 
▪ Ship without inspecting all the moving parts and ensuring they are appropriately secured. 
Optional Wheel Protection 
 
Consider wrapping each wheel 
individually using cushioning materials 
(for example, recycled paper padding or 
eco-friendly foam alternatives). 
These go-green options help reduce 
scratches and dents while providing 
effective cushioning. 
Optional Extra Wrap 
 
If desired, apply a light, eco-friendly 
protective wrap over your item for 
added security before shipping. 
Pre-Handover Inspection 
 
Before handing over your item, please 
ensure that all detachable or movable 
parts are secure. A quick inspection 
helps ensure it is ready for safe handling. 

 
 
Single Documents 
Multiple Documents 
(less than 3kg) 
Multiple Documents 
(more than 3kg) 
 
 
 
 
▪ Use the DHL Envelope for shipping 
documents of up to 24 pages or 500g 
of weight. 
 
▪ The cardboard design offers basic 
protection against bending and 
creasing. 
 
▪ Seal the envelope and place in a DHL 
Express Polybag for added protection 
against moisture and stains. 
 
▪ The DHL Express Polybag is suitable for 
carrying up to 3kg of documents. 
 
▪ Secure the documents in a suitable 
envelope, sleeve or folder before 
placing in a DHL Express Polybag. 
 
▪ Include adequate contact information 
on each envelope to enable contact if 
necessary. 
 
▪ For added protection, place a sturdy 
piece of card within the DHL Express 
Polybag to reduce movement during 
transit. 
 
▪ Prepare a sturdy box for carrying 
documents weighing more than 3kg. 
 
▪ DO NOT use archive or copy paper 
boxes as they are not designed for 
Express Transport. 
 
▪ Secure the documents in a suitable 
envelope, sleeve or folder with 
adequate contact information to enable 
contact if necessary. 
 
▪ Always fill up void space to prevent any 
movement of the documents inside the 
box during transit. 
An Essential Packing Guide     10 
Assess Packing Needs | Choose Suitable Materials | Apply Packing Techniques | Seal and Label Shipment 
Documents 
Whether you are shipping bills of lading, the contract for your new house, or transferring case files, DHL has the 
packaging to suit your needs. Our document shipping advice can be split depending on the weight, size and quantity 
of documents you are shipping. 

 
    
Kraft Paper Tape 
Cellophane Tape 
Masking Tape 
String / Rope 
Use Pressure Sensitive Tapes 
DHL recommends the following pressure sensitive tapes for their strength and durability: 
 
▪ Polypropylene tape (brown plastic tape) 
▪ Vinyl adhesive tape (electrical tape) 
▪ Fiber-reinforced paper tape (duct tape) 
 
Avoid Using… 
An Essential Packing Guide     11 
Assess Packing Needs | Choose Suitable Materials | Apply Packing Techniques | Seal and Label Shipment 
SEAL AND LABEL 
SHIPMENT 
A good seal helps to protect your package during transit. Both the adhesive tapes you choose and how you seal the 
shipment makes a difference in protecting your shipment contents from being exposed or damaged during transit. 
H-taping 
Ensure all seams are sealed using the H-taping method: 
 
▪ Apply 1 strip of tape along the center seam 
▪ Apply 2 strips of tape across both edge seams 
▪ Apply more strips of tapes for heavier shipments 
▪ Repeat the H-taping so that both the box's top and bottom seams 
are sealed 
Strapping 
DHL Express does not endorse the use of strapping or banding for 
items less than 25kg in weight as it can damage both our network 
machinery and the package itself. 
 
Suitable packaging should always be capable of carrying the weight of 
the items without the need for strapping. 
 
When shipping pieces weighing more than 25kg, strapping is an ideal 
way to strengthen your shipment when applied correctly. 
Not endorsed for individual parcel weighing <25kg 
Black Foil 
We recommend avoiding the use of black foil on the outside of your shipment, 
as it makes labels and barcodes significantly harder to read, increasing the risk 
of scanning errors and delays, while also contributing to inspection risks, 
reduced automation efficiency, poorer damage visibility, and sustainability 
concerns. 

 
 
 
An Essential Packing Guide     12 
Assess Packing Needs | Choose Suitable Materials | Apply Packing Techniques | Seal and Label Shipment 
Special Handling Label* 
Although DHL cannot guarantee maintaining the stable orientation of shipments during transport, our teams actively 
look for visible special handling instructions. Proper use of handling instruction labels can help ensure the 
appropriate transport, handling and storage of your shipment during transit. Here are examples of commonly used 
labels: 
*Any special handling label must be applied by the shipper prior to courier collection. 
Applying Shipment Label 
Displaying the shipment labels clearly is important in ensuring that your 
shipment moves swiftly through DHL’s network. Below are a few key points to 
note: 
▪ Fix the shipment label securely on the top surface of the shipment box. This 
will help us keep your shipment in an upright position as much as possible 
during transit! 
▪ Ensure the label is wholly visible on one surface and that the label does not 
cover any seams. 
▪ Do not let other labels, tapes or paperwork cover the shipment label. 
▪ We never recommend using an old box but if you do, ensure all outdated 
shipment labels are removed prior to use. 
▪ Placing a spare label inside the package will help us identify your shipment if 
the original label becomes detached or damaged. 
▪ If you need to apply other labels on your shipment, please avoid placing them 
on the same surface as the shipment label. 
▪ Use a plastic self-adhesive clear window pouch to hold any loose documents 
that are required to be placed outside of the box. 
Did you know? 
You can create your shipment label within a few clicks with MyDHL+. 
Completing an electronic waybill is easy as you will be guided through the process to avoid 
missing any information required for swift and accurate delivery of your shipment. 
Visit DHL.com to learn how DHL can help you manage international shipping and business 
solutions. 
This Way Up 
The upward arrows show the 
direction that the package must be 
transported handled and stored. 
Fragile, Handle with Care 
The package must be handled 
carefully. 
Keep Dry 
The package must be protected 
from excessive humidity and be 
stored under cover. 

 
HELP REDUCE YOUR 
CARBON FOOTPRINT. 
GET PACKAGING 
RIGHT THE FIRST TIME. 
 
Damaged items lead to additional manufacturing and transportation. 
Protecting your shipment with appropriate packaging is an effective 
way of reducing carbon footprints. 
 
DHL Express – Excellence. Simply delivered. 
dhl.com 
Valid from 23/07/2026 
